Back on the topic of Gunner. Yeah.
Which one the animation or the
yeah
A real life one? Well, he's nice. But like, I kinda...
Like that is Irena's book.
I like the guy who is trying to escape on the helicopter.
Yeah, that guy in the animation
Yeah, yeah, yeah but (***)
But who's your favorite character? The human character? The animated one?
you
yeah
Oh, which
ahh I think I know
ahh
yeah
You're talking about the line action, I'm talking about the animation
Yeah, don't let it be me. Don't let it be you.
A little bit.
baby Gomera who's like flying around
yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, because he needs to grow.
yeah and then to fight the monster
yeah i think it was very sensing really yeah i think so
Not really, but I think that will happen
yeah
Maybe not, but he needs to protect the people.
(***) Yeah.
I'm actually not sure, but usually in the Gamera movies, the kids help the Gamera out.
Remember that.
remember the like the animation one?
like they said like help the little turtle yeah
At the beginning, remember? They found this turtle and then they helped it out.
yeah yeah
I think so. yeah
maybe but i think yeah i think i'm
I'm gonna protect him because he's like the chosen one or something
Yeah, I don't really get it. Yeah.
yeah
So all those monsters were after him?
Because (***) that boy...
Yeah, yeah. Empower.
Kind of. But then they... yeah
why
why Which one?
(***)
yeah
(***) Which one?
(***)
i thought
yeah
(***) work together
They didn't come in the same episode. (***)
No, I don't.
yeah
They're always trying to get the kid. Yeah, Gamma is protecting the kid.
My time can begin. yeah
but then
but then I think these monsters are also supposed to destroy the human population.
yeah yeah (***)
Yeah.
yeah
Yeah, yeah, and then...
Yeah, yeah
yeah  I think so.
yeah yeah
Yeah, I got it.
yeah
I think so. yeah
Yeah, I got it. Good, yeah.
yeah but then okay back together
yeah just (***)
(***) Oh, I think I already said that.
The guy who was trying to get away on the helicopter.